Hi, guys.
Welcome.
And for sure, users can type in test or via typing test or via typing test over a year.
But what we can do in this lecture is over here, we can have an icon.
And the reason for this icon is so that users can choose to make their password visible or not.
But before then, the test form field has a property known as of secure test default.
It is set to false and that is why you are able to see whatsoever you are typing in here.
But what we can do is we can change this to true.
Okay.
So by doing this, it's going to make this password or whatsoever is typed in here invisible.
Och och.
Now whatsoever we type in here is going to be invisible, but we can make this a bit more dynamic or
more professional.
So what we can do is over here, we can have an icon button.
And to do that, we send the inputs, the creation, the input.
The creation has a property known as Sophie's icon.
Surface icon, then the surface icon is going to be an icon widget.
But since we all agreed that we are going to make this icon clickable or we are going to click on the
icon, we can go with something known as Icon Button.
The icon button has this on press, which is a function.
And it's as this icon as its property.
For the icon, it's going to be icon widgets.
And now we can say icons dot.
I think we have the V C be the.
Visibility.
Visibility of OC grades.
And how did you come out in this country and then save?
You're going to see to via preface is this and suffice is over a previous mobile surface or via OC you
can see OC.
You can basically just change the colour whereby the icon widgets has this colour property so you can
change it towards whoever you desire.
But I think I'm okay with this.
Okay, so now what are we going to need to do is when we click on this, we want to be able to change
this to.
So what?
We want to be able to make this visible.
But to do this, what we can just do is we can create a variable via so we can create a bold variable.
That is, we are trying to say the type of variable is going to be a bull, which is a true or false
value.
So we can call this password.
We can just call this password.
Visible, we say, of the spear visible, and we are going to set it to true the fort.
True default.
Okay.
So what we can just do is instead of statically harden true to this test form field, where do we have
that?
Okay.
I think we have.
It's over here.
So instead of this, we can just say.
Password.
Visible.
Okay.
Sticking with the sentence since it is true.
So that is going to change, right?
Okay.
Nothing is going to change.
So what we're going to need to do is we're going to need to update this UI.
That is what is over here to make it visible.
And in that sort of there's the UI, we are going to be using something known as set state.
But unfortunately, the set state is not available in a stateless widget.
And you can see currently we are listed widgets.
So what we have to do is to migrate to a stateful widget in order for us, in order for us to have access
to that stateless widget property so alight and use control and dot then convert to stateful widgets.
Okay.
Great.
This country needs to save it.
Really need that.
Okay.
So now all we can do is.
Within this icon button, right?
We can then say set state.
Says States.
Says states.
And we're going to call this password visible.
Password visible and just want to type this.
Password visible.
And we can then say is equal to not password.
Visible.
Okay.
So what this would basically do is whenever if it is currently it is it is currently it is set to true
that it is visible.
So when we click on this, it's going to make it not visible and we click on it, it's going to make
it visible.
So is this is more like a switch to switch between visible and not visible?
Okay.
So this is basically if so, we can give this or to start.
Sorry.
Lastly, what we need to do is.
The icon button say, I think.
Over this, we can add the check and say password.
Visible if password visible is set to true.
If it is true.
We want to show this.
Right.
Else.
Who wants to say, I can't.
And it's going to be icons.
Dodds.
I think we have the.
So.
Okay.
There's going to be icons, dots.
We have something known as.
For some reason, I don't know what's wrong with my bicycle.
Okay, we can just copy.
And paste this copy and paste.
And I think we need additional additional cover.
And if it is true.
Therefore it is certainly true.
So we are going to have this icon right when we switch to force or we we make it invisible.
We are going to switch to the icon.
We say visibility on the score of.
Okay.
Hopefully we have that icon that's all surrounded.
I think I'm okay with of what we can do we can also start this.
Okay.
I'm just going to come back to this again.
I think I have a lot of heroes like.
Okay.
We just have to wait for this.
To finish.
Okay.
OC OC is going to start this tap and we can.
Try.
Okay for the password.
You can see the effort.
It is set to this visibility icon because it is set to true.
So what we can do, you can type in Arrow, you can see it is visible.
And now let's click on this.
Okay.
Click.
Click on this.
Okay.
You can see since.
Good.
So what we are basically doing over here, we have this property known as of secure test default is
set to force.
And by setting it to force you, you're going to see everything you type in the value.
But what we did is over here we created a variable called password visible and we said it is a data
type of bool.
Both simply means a true or a force value.
Right.
And we use the variable over here.
If this is true, that is why we are able to see the password.
Right.
Then over here we have the icon button and we called that variable we created.
And what we simply do, we say not password visible.
So by doing this, this line of code, when is visible is going to make it not visible.
And when it not visible, it's going to make it visible.
And you can see it's going to update this to whatever value it says it has or it is.
Okay.
And over here we are simply checking if password visible is set to default, it is set to true.
So this is the code that is going to run else it if if it is set to if it is set to false.
We want to display this visibility on the score of.
Okay.
I fully understand.
Okay, guys.